THE DISCIPLE WHO STINKS
AT STORYTELLING
Just out shopping for dinner,
you say?
And you expect me to
believe that load of crap?!
My apologies, but I am in a hurry.
This...is Don Pacino.
You're gonna tell me everything
you know about this man.
Until you do,
I'll have to hang on to this.
You will return it if I talk?
Of course. You have my word.
Very well. I will talk.
Suddenly you're very reasonable.
This must mean a lot to you.
Yes, it is very important.
You know, when you're
soaking in a hot bath
everyone says, "ahh."
| wonder why everyone says that.
That is true.
| mean, wouldn't "eee" or "uuu"
or "ohhh" work too?
IIEeell?
Yeah. Try it.
Say "eee" for me.
Eeee...
How's that?
Don't ask me.
How was it for you?
| am sorry...
| feel no difference.
Eee...
How was it?
Hmm... I can't really get into it.
It's gotta be that "ah" sound.
Then how about "sahh"?
"Sahh"?
Doesn't feel right either...
Oh, I know!
"Fahhh."
Not bad, huh?
Yeah, not bad at all!
"Fahhh..."
Master.
Technically speaking,
that sound isn't "fan."
Truth be told, I am equipped with
a perfect pitch function.
Really?
Yes. That "fah" sounded
a little off.
If you want "fah" then,
| think "fahhh" is better.
Yeah? Fahhh...
Like that?
That "fah" was sharp, Master.
Fahh?
That would be "me."
Okay then, "meeee."
That's "me," Master.
That's the note for "me!"
"Meeee..."
You know, you can take off
without me.
Wouldn't want you to get
a chill after your bath.
But hey, don't lose that.
These are crazy times.
Losing your keys will
only lead to trouble.
That is how important the key is.
Your stories are terrible.
No one gives a crap
about "fah"!
Your "fah" is wrong.
It should be "fahhh."
In any case, the key is important
and I'd like it back.
I'm sure you must have one
or two things important to you.
My family is important to me.
I'd do anything for them.
As I would do anything
for Master Saitama.
Saitama?
Never heard of him.
Master Saitama has given me
a job to do.
Is that right? A job, huh?
Let's hear more about this "job."
So you decided to wait, after all?
It's so cold, too...
Are you okay, Master?
It's freezing.
The chill's getting to me.
Did you just look at my head?
No, I never do that.
Hey!
A hot pot? Sounds good!
Really warms you up.
It appears the ingredients
are on sale.
Dinner target acquired.
What kind should we have?
There's Yosenabe, /shikarinabe,
Tori no Mizutaki...
Crap!
What's wrong?
Not this one, not this...
Here it is!
Premium chicken sale...
for a limited time?!
| totally forgot!
Master, this store's sale
is still going.
What?
Hmm... We can just make it.
Oh! But at this store
the cabbage is—
Master, if we split up,
we can do it.
So when you said "a job,"
you actually meant
"running errands"?
Like I said before,
| am in the middle of shopping.
Now I have told you about the errand
| am on for my master.
I've had enough of your—
And that is where
| met this man.
Master asked me to go to...
two supermarkets.
There it is.
An alert from a shopping district
five kilometers away.
It is four kilometers to the store.
The disturbance is
in the wrong direction,
but only six klicks separate them.
If I end the trouble quickly,
| will make it!
| see.
And that's when you bumped into us.
Not quite.
What?
I'm done for...
| am only two seconds late.
Please make an exception.
| understand, but—
You still have the merchandise!
But a limited time sale
is just that: limited...
The attitude of that clerk!
Have you any idea how
| felt at that moment?
What the hell are you talking about?
What I want to hear is how you
and this idiot know each other!
Cut to the chase and tell me
what you have to do with him,
the number two guy
in the Typhoon Family!
Be patient.
There is an order to things.
| missed the limited time sale
at the first market.
So I went on to the second market.
And that's where I ran
into you guys.
NOTICE: SHOP CLOSING DOWN.
THANKS FOR YOUR LOYALTY.
Hey, why is this place closed?
There is supposed to be
a sale here today.
They skipped out.
I'm sure Don Pacino's behind it.
He recently drifted into
this area
and has been poking his nose
into our business.
He must've demanded
a huge sum of protection money
and forced them to leave.
Protection money?
What is that?
Hey!
What is wrong?!
This here is...
Don Pacino.
That's a nasty look you got
in your eyes.
Hey!
Hold on!
| can't just give this back to you.
Are you with him?
Come on,
| wanna word with you.
So...you're telling me that
there's no connection
between you and him?
That is right.
There is zero connection
between us.
In other words, we are strangers.
You mean you've been
running your mouth all this time
just to tell me that?!
Well, you asked.
And now that I have
told you everything,
give me back the key
as you promised.
You wise-ass!
Don't you know
who you're dealing with?
We're the Pacino Family,
with a Class C bounty on our heads!
Is that how it is?
| thought something was off.
Huh?
| assumed you were going
to do the right thing
and report the lost key
to the police first,
then return it to me,
the rightful owner.
But you are all wanted men.
You would never do
anything so honest.
In other words,
you had no intention of
returning it in the first place.
You fool, how stupid
can someone be?
| cannot go after
law-abiding citizens,
but with you,
| do not have
to hold anything back.
Take him down, boys!
Do not move.
And that is how I was able
to get the key back.
But I missed the sale.
Well...
| had a spare key
so I was okay.
It sure sounds like
you had a lot to deal with.
Master, I am still too incompetent
to even run your errands!
No big deal.
We'll just have
a tofu hot pot tonight.
This will not make up for it...
Huh?
...but I went by another store
on the way home.
Huh?
But this is
the super-expensive meat!
Good thing we had eggs.
Let's dig in. I love sukiyaki.
Okay!
(Ah, that's the way)
(Ah, let's go)
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
"I am Genos, a cyborg
fighting for justice alone!
Object approaching at high speed—
It's here!”
To avenge the killing of my family
This body was given to me
by Doctor Kuseno.
Now is the time to rid the world
of all bad guys
With my passionate fire.
| must learn the secret
to his strength,
So / take notes in my journal.
(Ah, scribble, scribble)
Cleaning the toilet
is my daily chore.
One-Punch Folk Song
"I have an old enemy I must defeat!
Please take me as your disciple,
Master Saitama!”
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
One attack, one kil ONE PUNCH
One-Punch Folk Song
Dance! Sing! Fight!
One-Punch AH Folk Song